Awase Khirni Syed 
Few thoughts on incorporating strategies to build a platform
1. How do the hidden rules of money and ownership quietly shift control of our homes, jobs and future innovations away from everyday communities, and into the hands of a small, interconnected network of institutions?
  --the invisible gravity of debt (fractional reserve banking system)
  --private equity(pe) - the financialization of daily life 
  -- venture capital (vc) - the gatekeeping of tommorrow

2. What strategies can we apply to track the money? How do we create systems that track macroeconomic data with micro-level corporate records?

3. How to track monitor the federal reserve's Z.1 financial accounts of every country? Since traditional fractional banking has now shifted to shadow banking /private credit which has exploded as PE firms lend directly to companies to avoid bank regulations.

4. What strategies can be used to map corporate ownership and interlocking networks? for example: a real estate asset might be owned by an LLC, which is owned by a fund, which is managed by a PE firm, which is backed by a soverign wealth fund 

5. What strategies can be applied to use OpenCorporates data to trace subsidiary ownership chains, ICIJ Offshore leaks database (FINCEN files, Panama papers etc..)

6. Can SEC FORM 13F and 13G be used to track what publicly traded assets massive institutional investors are accumulating quarterly?

7 How to track monitoring deal terms such as "sale-lease back" transactions ( a company sells its real estate to a PE firm and rents it back, a classic extraction tactic).Pitchbook, curnchbase, preqin to track to some extent 
8.How to track PE owned company declares bankruptcy (PACER in the US) reveal how much debt was loaded onto the company and how much the PE firm extracted in "dividend recapitalizations" before the collapse

8. how to track lobbying expenditures by major financial firms and campaign contributions?
9. Propublica revolving door database provides which regulators left governement to work for the banks or PE firms they once oversaw. 


10. How can CDFIs (community development financial institutions), credit unions, and worker cooperatives help immigrant and empower them. 

 - build a powerful, open source tool to map corporate ownership, tracking every transaction, regulatory, private, purchase, procurement, supply chain, sourcing, consumer data correlated would 


Friday Oct 2nd 2026.
Social Science Research Network + Institutional Trading 
1. Do institutional investors possess superior market or sector timing skills and how does their trading of exchange -traded funds (ETFs) correlate with subsequent market performance and volatility?

2. How does market uncertainty affect the holding periods, profit generation, and selling patterns (such as the intensification of the disposition effect) of institutional investors when trading high-uncertainty stocks?

3. How does decomposing instituional trading into decision based trades (active portfolio adjustments) reveal the persistence of informational advantages among top-performing institutions?

4. How can we build a platform that draws real-time correlation between SSRN and Institutional Trading to help build a transparent investing strategy for the common man?

5. How do institutional trading strategies, particularly the roles of foreign institutional investors (FIIs) as momentum traders and domestic institutional investors (DIIs) as liquidity suppliers, shift during financial crises in emerging markets?
6.What is the optimal sequence of child orders (market vs. limit orders) for an institutional trader executing a parent order, and how does "dynamic aggressiveness" adapt to a fund manager's risk aversion and private information?

7. To what extent do institutional investors trade on material private information prior to take  over rumours, and how does their pre-rumor trading predict which firms will eventually receive formal bid proposals?

8. How do institutional investors exploit post-earnings announcement drift (pead) in emerging markets like china, india, middle east and how does the quality of local information environment restrict their ability to accelerate price discovery?

9. under what market conditions (e.g., high noise trading volume or high noise to signal ratios) can naive individual investors outperform institutional investors, and how does the aggressive trading of naive investors force institutions to reduce their trading aggressiveness due to price impact?

10. How can continuous institutional equity ownership and trading strategies be accurately inferred from high-frequency transaction data (e.g., trade size categories on high-volume vs. high-volatility days) to overcome the limitations of quarterly regulatory reporting?

11.How does institutional order flow particularly from foreign instituonal investors, serve as a channel for transmitting contrarian or momentum news from developed markets to emerging equity markets during periods of global financial stress?
